hi welcome to the Sheffield edition of
the ref show a keith sheffield wednesday
party poopers yeah well good result
against watford and the manager moaning
what ferdz managers saying the goal was
offside well in our mouths offside miles
outside come on but the good thing is
i'm seeing the lorries coming out of
Hillsboro with all the soil on the pitch
so the pitches that's good news is good
news in a paper saying it's already an
improvement no graphs on it that's all
they're saying it's an improvement party
poopers they're kind of a draw reformers
who were now champions Wednesday's kind
of atoned for that great result that
they got at bournemouth by depriving
Watford of the title sheffield united
end the season game which i saw against
Chesterfield 1-1 draw so they those two
teams take fifth and six they've got
Swindon in the playoffs on Thursday
swindon I think of the team that people
wants it of the possibilities you look
doubtful it yeah well I think they're
going to miss miss their goalkeeper now
you got sent off yesterday Swindon Town
keeper so I mean I yeah I'd like to see
sheffield united do that I think you
know they played to their strengths and
my good friend Chris Morgan who's
obviously at the club I really hope you
know they do it for him because they did
I think they deserved the club deserves
to go up into the championship and I
like to see chef Jack guy's throat at
Wembley here that just need a bit of
form at the moment but Nigel Clough did
make changes for that game quite bravely
in a way it got away with it with a
decent result of 11 chesterfield played
ever said well with their full strength
team they're playing Preston who just
missed out on an automatic that can
affect a team in the playoffs County I I
think that they're the in a sense the
form team and now everybody I'm sure
didn't want to play Preston with our
friend Kevin Davis of course and we all
know what a problem he can be in a game
particular set Peter surprised at Simon
Grayson left it late to bring bring
Kevin on I thought when it brought him
on
because use it is a handful still is a
handful that's the story line is they
going back to anxiety just a festival
yeah and I think he's a Sheffield United
fan no yes yeah it's definitely
definitely a blade so you imagine you
know playing with him that when we both
teams getting there be great when it
lots of stories to unfold aren't we're
really in these players let's hope
they're well refereed as well
appointments coming up I think that they
need experienced referees and of course
in the second leg fit referees in case
it goes to additional time Exeter time
yeah Keith you and I were to Sheffield
star awards dinner weren't we a few days
ago terrific event good seed mati there
yes I think that across the border I
mean you always wonder how an events
going to go when the local clubs have
not had the best season ever but yeah
some good faces they're good turn up
from the clubs and I thought a very good
evening a really good evening yeah Paul
Cook of Chesterfield got the the manager
of the of the Year award because
unfancied Chesterfield applied superb
football still are really enjoy they are
going to be dangerous in those playoffs
because of that reason no pressure yeah
I mean he's done righteous feel but I
understand he's a done deal down at
Portsmouth guys here's the inside yes
the inside word well i would i would
confirm that i'm hearing that yes that's
the inside that's what other dan you
know he be a great loss to chesterfield
absolutely sad nobody in their right
mind as a supporter would want to see
Paul Cook go but you have to ask the
question is there anything if football
club can do to stop it they've
reinforced his contract so it's going to
take two hundred thousand pounds to buy
him out for manager wants to go is there
anything a club can actually don't just
offering what Portsmouth can offering
you could do but then again it's the
potential you know nobody would want him
to stay at Chesterfield more than me but
you look at Portsmouth are they as low
as they can go having got the potential
to go if you look at Porsche their big
town club I mean you look at their
crowds are in regularly getting 15,000
you know so really they are a sleeping
giant me know a few years ago there in
the Premiership and yeah you know I in a
way it's sad for Chester rule because I
think just feel lovely club
they're their structure of how they run
and organize it particularly you know my
own grandson has been through part of
their system where they have coaching
out at Chesterfield in and up in
sheffield in it's all run christer know
who's the CEO puts in an appearance
talks to the kids and I just think that
it's it's a community club that of
course has got Dave Allen as the
chairman and we know that you know that
this entrepreneur has put his money into
clubs he safe sheffield wednesday in my
opinion and I think he's done a lot
whilst he's he moved across this the
town to to Chesterfield so I mean going
back to Chesterfield you remember the
first time you ever watched me yes where
was it yet right there that's all yeah
sorta go loads of memories of sorts ago
okay thanks very much guys we'll talk
again on the Sheffield ref show next
week thanks for your company
you